what's up everyone make I'd 88 here
bring you another tool off of death pro
so let's begin this one alright but I
shall go second because my cyber dragon
deck does work best going second and I
draw into a dead cybernetic fusion
support now that's always just lovely
isn't it it's always best to try to
search out for it the last minute not
open up with it you know what I mean
yeah well just gotta live with it now so
let's see what I got here and get too
bad what I'm gonna do is my normal
summon sub dragon Corps uses effect now
we're going to grab that cyber repair
plant or i could get a cyber network now
we're going to grab the repair plant and
what we're gonna do is want to set that
torrential and set that DNA surgery and
then the turn for if he does destroy
cyber dragon Corps or don't space it
there we go thank God if you destroy
cyber dragon Corps then he's in the
graver I could banish him the special
cybron and DNA surgery office monsters
but if he resorts to doing something
wait what what the hell what's going on
here I'm slightly confused so we're
gonna do is we're going to special
machina fortress by ditching that dry
nope
next we're going to play the cyber
repair plan add another one and then
what we're gonna do is we're gonna grab
a here we go we're gonna grab dry cuz i
still have no idea what that facedown is
we're gonna normal dry dry as effect
will make both of us level 5 yup that's
fine now we're gonna go into cyber
dragon Nova and I can actually almost be
a setup for another oh oh that's not
pretty ooh fiendish chain that's uh yeah
I got nothing for that one well looks
like I won't be a using cyber oh
another blue eyes deck Wow certainly
pretty popular nowadays blue eyes I've
had to face to earlier bowl x weren't
really uh oh not good no cyber gaga
Nova's effect activates come forth cyber
end dragon oh yeah
what's up I've got cyber end dragon so
all right if I am clear if i play
cybernetic fusion support i could power
bond from the graveyard right because
their names are still Trek technically
treated as cyber dragon now just don't
do anything don't don't say anything yes
now let's see if this will work oh wow
double power bond if this doesn't work
I'm going to cry like I can just play it
right now but the problem is like let's
see here they have your life points once
during this turn if you would fusion
summon a machine-type fusion monster you
can banish the future material monsters
listed on that fusion monster from your
side of the from your from your side of
the field hand and our graveyard use
them as materials yes technically
they're treated at cyber dragon in the
grave yeah it becomes cyber dragon this
car becomes well as on the field yeah so
well let's see if dev pro didnt glitch
out so here we go cybernetic fusion
support oh that hurts alright power bond
oh I can make another cyber end dragon
nice what we're gonna do is we're gonna
make that a
cyber twin dragon oh yeah this is it
guys if I don't get game with this the
game is over attack cyber in ah no oh
that does dirty old vindictive why ah
power bond hit me why old vindictive
what are you kidding me an old
vindictive magician Wow guys just wow I
was not expecting that I was actually
expecting like white stone or like
flamvell guard or some old
vindictive oh that caught me that you
really got me there well it looks like
I'm in quite a bind here I'm not gonna
attack that made in because then I don't
want him to get out the blue eyes I mean
cyber end dragon could easily just know
it would own away she'd negates the
attack that's right I was like do I get
an extra attack but I was like know what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just show with
the return from a different dimension
what's gonna happen is that if he does
nothing and just chills out I'm gonna
DNA surgery on his end phase and then
return and that DNA surgery off his
monster alright so we've got a white
stone here he's gonna add his blue eyes
to his hand oh my god my Ock attempt was
oh oh no oh no he's in torrential
yeah he hit torrential okay cool I
thought he hit DNA surgery for a minute
I was like no not DNA surgery
oh my god wonder wand so wait if I all
right let's see what happens my flipsie
and a surgery call machine will wonder
one just fizzle out yep it just fizzled
because they couldn't equipped to her
because she's a machine technically
and I still gotta return from a diff
dimension set so I can play that bring
back my to cyber dragons a nice alright
here goes return from the different
dimension come back my cyber dragons
rise
I'll make nova or no way oh that's
right they're not level fives
technically but I will fortress off of
you for my own chimeratech fortress
dragon now let's hope this does this hit
home yes wow that was that was something
right there at that Oldman addictive
magician I was really not expecting that
but pretty much guys that's been my
jewel on death row my cyber dragon deck
vs a blue-eyes deck hopefully guys
enjoyed the video like comment subscribe
as usual and until next time is make I'd
88 late